Previously onBig Sky...
Dad?
What's going on?
Danielle... she and her sister
never showed.
They're not answering
their texts or calls.
Something is not right.
Cody Hoyt?
You're looking for a couple
of missing teenagers.
How do I put this?
This isn't the first.
What do you think
he plans to do with us?
What's going on?
Are you sleeping
with my husband?
I thought you two were over.
Tell me. Cody.
Are we working on us?
Woman problems.
A man's got a woman.
Then he got problems.
- Let's go.
- Oh. one other thing.
Ronald.
You've been sloppy.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Any word from Cody?
Nothing.
I'm gonna get the sheriff
involved.
What about this
Montana State Trooper?
I'm about to go see him.
He said that Cody left at
sunrise for the church cult.
but that he went alone.
Wait. what?
You said they were both going.
That's what Cody told me.
He could be off the grid
and out of cell range.
Or in the middle of it.
Or there's a third scenario.
The last time we spoke to him.
he was at a bar.
Not a chance.
Not a chance?
He's an alcoholic. Denise.
I haven't seen him drink.
Okay. I hate to ask.
but just how involved
were the two of you?
Look. I'm not...
This is not about your private
life with my husband...
-All right.
-...so much as I need
to get a sense
of Cody's psychological state.
whether he could be off
on some bender.
How did you two leave things
last night?
I told him we were over.
And how did he take that?
I'm not sure.
Not great. I think.
Is he in love with you?
I don't know.
Are you a fan of irony. Ronald?
Myself. I'm a big fan.
I like to button my day.
curl up in bed with
a warm glass of milk.
and read a little
Hunter Thompson.
In fact. that's what
I was fixing to do
when my ex-wife's cousin called.
I don't like irony.
And I don't like it
when people wax on.
be it poetic or philosophic.
or somebody just likes
the sound of his own voice.
The irony here...
I hand-picked you in part
because of your good judgment.
This was not good judgment.
Ronald.
Can we talk about yours?
Shooting an ex-cop in the head?
The idea is we take girls
who won't be missed.
Dirty girls.
The kind of gummy-scummy
we scrape off the bottom
of our boots.
But you took two
wholesome teenagers.
the type people...
Friends and family...
Go looking for.
That's what brought Cody Hoyt
to me. Ronald.
Kidnapping doesn't always
go easy-peasy.
Mr. Hoyt had already
tumbled to the idea
that a long-haul trucker
might be responsible.
That's why
I had to deal with him.
I had to clean up
a mess you made.
Yes. ma'am?
Sounds good.
I'll be here.
Like the little old lady
who swallowed the fly.
I had to kill the spider
that came looking for the fly.
and now there's a little bird
by the name of Cassie Dewell
come looking for the spider.
We got ourselves a predicament.
Ronald.
Nobody knows where
we are. I'm so scared.
Hey.
Mom has a tracker on your phone.
Let's just hope that works.
What?
She has a tracker on my phone?
Why?
Why do you think?
Well. does she have one
on your phone?
She doesn't have to worry
so much about me.
I don't suppose you have
a tracker on your phone?
I don't suppose.
This is like
my biggest nightmare.
I'm gonna be on Dateline.
Hey.
Hey. look. this guy...
He went berserk
in a fit of rage. right?
Maybe once that rage passes.
he'll come back to his senses.
I can't believe
this is happening.
Danny. Not the time to panic.
Oh. really. Grace?
When would be a good time?
If he was going to kill us.
he would have done so.
Probably 'cause he wants
to do something to us.
Oh. God.
He wanted to talk.
He didn't just zap me.
He wanted to talk first.
I think we're dealing with
a very lonely person.
Okay. Good.
So. how do we trade on that?
- I can't believe
you grew up in Montana
and you don't know how to rope.
I don't need a rope.
Be it animals or people.
I just call 'em over.
"If a man has charisma.
he don't need no rope."
Seeing I got you by my side.
I must've done something right.
All night? Really?
Something came up.
Which doesn't explain
your failure to call.
Mom.
I worry. Can you get that?
Once you bring a child into
this world. you'll understand.
You worry.
When he's a baby. you worry.
"Is he gonna fall victim
to SIDS?"
When he's going to school.
"Is he gonna make a friend?"
You worry!
Forever.
Even when he's a grown man.
driving a truck.
Maybe especially then.
I'm getting sick of you
not respecting me.
This country is in
supply chain crisis.
The trucker is
today's American hero.
I am a hero. whether a mother
can see that... or not.
Ooh.
Seem pent up.
You get this way.
and it does not become you.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Hmm.
I don't think you are.
You're pent up.
Go back to your room
and masturbate yourself
while I make us some lunch.
and you return with
a better attitude.
Ronald?
What happened to your neck?
Officer Legarski?
Cassie Dewell.
My stars.
You're beautiful.
- Thanks.
- I beg your pardon.
but we don't get many
beautiful women in Montana.
And you're Black.
We don't get many Black people
in Montana.
Beautiful and Black and Montana.
What are the odds?
They give out odds
on that sort of thing?
I truly beg your pardon.
My wife. Merrilee. tells me that
there isn't a shoe size too big
which my mouth
does not accommodate.
Have a seat.
Can I offer you some coffee?
Uh... Uh. there's not much food.
The restaurant's closed down.
I'm good. Thank you.
I can never keep track
of all the conflicting studies
on coffee.
One of them says
they're good for you.
The other says not so much.
All I know is...
nothing beats a cup of joe.
I hear ya.
I'm glad of that.
'Cause your partner. Cody.
truth be told.
he wasn't too keen
on hearing me.
What do you mean?
I don't think I'm telling you
anything you don't already know.
but he's a bit renegade.
Oh. when I brought up
probable cause.
kind of in one ear.
out the other.
The last I spoke to him.
he was headed out
to the Church of Glory
and Transcendence with you.
That's right. but then
he started banging on
about searches without warrants
and conversations
in custodial settings.
My loose cannon radar started
beeping. and I told him.
"I think you're gonna need to
fly solo on this one. partner."
Two teenaged girls
were possibly abducted.
The police officer tells
the private citizen
to go at it alone?
Well. I take your point.
but the girls aren't
officially missing.
And even if they were. certain
protocols need to be observed.
Like what?
Cassie. uh...
my. you are a pretty thing...
I'm kind of about
safeguarding my pension
this time in my life.
I couldn't risk Cody leading me
down the... the rogue path.
You last saw him when?
5:45 a.m.. driving right out
this parking lot.
And you weren't curious?
Beg pardon?
I'm assuming you haven't
heard from him.
Did you try calling him
or... go out there?
What... What are you implying?
I'm just trying to get
a sense of things.
Get a sense of me?
I am a Montana State Trooper.
I was off-duty when
I came out here to help.
I'm out here yet again.
helping you. a private citizen.
You are out of line.
Now. we could start over.
try to get on the same team.
but I could just leave you be.
- It's your call.
- Shall we go to the compound?
Glory and Transcendence?
Well. we could. but same thing
I told Cody...
We need probable cause.
In all likelihood. we'll be
refused entry at the gate.
You know a friendly judge?
Seems to me. you go to him.
you tell him about
the missing girls.
Cody's vanished...
Oh. hell. Why not?
Great.
This'll take
a few hours. though.
Okay. um...
maybe I'll... I'll drive around
for a little bit.
Oh. no need to hang about.
If I get a warrant.
I'll have no trouble
rounding up a small posse
to go up there.
Head on back to Helena.
Maybe I'll hit
a few truck stops.
Come again?
Last night. I did some digging
on the FBI Highway
Serial Killer Task Force.
and there's
a possible connection
to long-haul truckers.
These girls could have stopped
for gas at a truck stop.
Got grabbed.
Never know.
No.
We never do.
What do you mean
"creepy"? Creepy how?
I can't say creepy how.
Just creepy.
Rick Legarski is as
harmless as they come. honey.
Word is he doesn't even
give out speeding tickets.
that he lets everybody off
with a warning.
I don't know. I got a vibe.
I take it still no news
from Cody?
Um... no.
This isn't good.
Whoa. there.
Can I. uh. have a private word?
I'll call you back.
Oh.
Why'd you lock the door?
Habit.
Something my father taught me.
A stranger... any stranger...
Which includes people
you think you might know
but possibly you don't.
If I'm your daddy.
I'd have concerns with you
driving around out here.
hitting truck stops
all by yourself.
Carry a gun. Cassie?
I carry a gun.
You ever use it?
Why do you ask?
Never had the opportunity
myself.
I hope to.
I... I suppose every
law enforcement officer
secretly wants to.
Mm.
We all wonder how we'll respond
when our number's called.
When it's all on the line.
Will your hand shake?
Will you have the guts
to pull the trigger?
We all want to know ourselves
in the end.
You ever wonder?
I trained at the academy.
I'd pull the trigger.
Good girl.
But my point...
Well. it can be
the Wild West out here.
and no place for a pretty girl
if she's not prepared.
Like I said.
I trained at the academy.
But you didn't graduate.
I do my homework.
What happened?
I know those boys
at the academy.
Pretty thing like you.
I would reckon they'd grade you
on a curve.
So. is... is the goal here
to intimidate me?
'Cause it's not working.
I think we're underground.
You said that he got you
at a truck stop. right?
What. he just grabbed you?
I actually made the mistake
of climbing into his rig.
I work in human services.
Human services?
Oh.
To pay the bills.
By trade. I'm actually a singer.
A famous one. in fact.
although the fame part
is still ahead of me.
Grace.
What?
I think she... is a he.
She's a boy.
- No.
- Yes.
What's all the whispering?
Look. um...
we could be stuck in here
a long time.
Might as well
get to know each other.
Can I ask you
a personal question?
Sure.
Do you have a penis?
As a matter of fact. I do.
You'll have to excuse my sister.
- Why?
- You can't just go around and
ask people if they have a penis.
I'm not making a judgment.
Grace.
You're not gonna try to
take advantage of me now.
are you. Danielle?
What? God. no.
Will you please shut up?
Look. I'm so sorry.
Please excuse my sister.
What did I do?
Please.
You called me a loser.
I didn't mean it.
You didn't mean it?
But you repeated it twice.
Loser.
And then you yelled it at me.
Loser!
Sir.
How old are you?
17.
Cleopatra was fixing to assume
power when she was 17.
I forgot how empowered
girls can be at that age.
And entitled.
You probably think
it's your world.
with your pretty little face.
your pretty hair.
My mother would make me
wash my hair every night
so it would smell pretty.
Yours smells pretty.
Sir. please.
How old are you?
16.
16?
What's your name?
I asked what your name is.
Grace.
How's your hair smell?
You think I'm an evil person.
don't you. Grace?
I'm actually not.
Right. Michelle?
I. um...
Tell her!
He's not evil.
See? I'm not evil.
You kidnap us. You tase us.
You have us locked up
in some dungeon.
and you think
you're a good person?
Grace...
Don't play with us. okay?
You want to be a monster?
Go ahead.
But at least be an honest one.
You sick pervert.
You creep.
I'm not a monster.
Do you hear me?
You're hurting me.
I'm not a monster.
and I'm not a pervert.
Do you understand?
- Aah!
- Oh!
Ow! You stupid little bitch!
Broke my nose!
Hey! These girls are just kids.
Do what you want with me.
but they're kids.
for God's sake.
You think I won't kill you?
I will kill you.
I'll be back.
- Hey. Jenny.
- Hey.
You here to eat this time
or just order?
Yeah. Um. sorry about that.
I was. uh. a little
out of sorts yesterday.
I didn't notice.
Just coffee.
Can I ask you a question?
Sure.
Is there a way to report
somebody missing to the police
in a way not to incriminate
that missing person.
if she were doing
something illegal
at the time she went missing?
What do you mean?
That woman you saw me talking to
yesterday...
She kind of moonlights
as a prostitute.
And she always
checks in with me.
Haven't heard from her.
I'm getting worried.
She was working last night?
Yes.
Where?
I think a-a truck stop
outside Helena.
It could be coincidental.
but maybe not.
Disappearing on the same night.
And you said Helena?
I know the stop.
I'm gonna head out there.
Wait. no.
Come look at this first.
It's not good.
This is the web page
for the Highway Serial Killer
Initiative.
All these dots.
Interstates and highways.
Some analyst in Oklahoma
detected a pattern.
VICAP created a national matrix.
We've had more than
500 murder victims
along or near highways.
200 suspects.
almost all long-haul truckers.
Excuse me?
Mostly women.
High-risk lifestyles.
transients. substance abuse.
What did this trooper
have to say?
Not much.
For my money. he's involved.
- The trooper?
- Oh. please.
Yeah. Gut feeling.
That and Cody was last with him
before falling off
the face of the earth.
Rick Legarski doesn't even have
the imagination to be bad.
Can I talk to your cousin?
The one he was married to?
Cassie. honey.
you're wasting your time.
The man strikes me
as a sociopath.
and an ex-wife would know.
Okay. fine.
I'll call her.
God. if they're in there
somewhere. it's no man's land.
Looks pretty swollen.
Sure she didn't break it?
It ain't broken.
She's vicious. that little one.
Oh. my God.
She's also beautiful.
All three of them are.
But the little one... she's 16.
Probably a virgin.
I think we could get
triple for her.
Those girls aren't marketable.
Uh. the lot lizard is.
but the sisters...
Why not?
I told you. They're wholesome.
They're college-bound.
They've got families.
I don't think
Canada will dare take them.
They'll bring scrutiny.
which puts us in a bind.
I'm busy!
Problems at home?
It's my mother.
She's been on me.
About what?
Everything.
Saying that I need
to aspire more.
That driving a truck is no way
to make... a living!
Ronald.
We need to make peace
with the fact
that most people don't get
what we're about.
We're the noble soldiers.
This nation is mired in muck.
We clean that muck up.
I get the same thing at home.
too.
Merrilee just wants to wallow
in her menopause melancholia
and blame all her unhappiness
on me.
It's what women do.
Let me give some thought
on those sisters.
but in the meantime.
that prostitute is
a bona fide deliverable.
Get her cleaned up.
We should be able to move her
out quickly.
And this Cassie Dewell?
I'll manage her.
You get the deliverable
shiny and bright.
Yes. sir.
Catchy song.
And on point.
Sorry?
Bad feeling. I get them.
The day my husband...
I somehow knew all day
without even knowing.
When I heard the clank
of the car door.
it sounded like a boom.
I looked out the window...
I saw the soldiers
dressed in formal uniform.
I knew.
Bad feeling then.
and I got one now. about Cody.
And goody-goody-two-shoes Rick?
He's all over this.
Well. I certainly hope
you're wrong.
On both.
The way I figure. we need two
different plans for survival.
One physical.
the other emotional.
For physical.
I was thinking Stockholm.
unless one of you guys
have a better idea.
Stockholm?
Yeah. it's not just captives
that fall for their captors.
Sometimes it works
the other way around.
We just need to get him
to emotionally bond.
Danielle. you're our best shot.
Me?
You're his Cleopatra.
Yeah. he seemed more into you
until you busted up his nose.
You said it yourself. All the
boys fall in love with you.
Yeah. I don't want him to fall
in love with me. Grace.
Danny. our lives are at stake.
And as... as creepy he was.
he seemed kind of shaky.
Fragile.
You said that he struck you
as lonely. right?
Vulnerable?
As psychotics go.
Okay. well.
maybe you can charm him.
I'm not.
Look. if we can just get him
to get the chains off.
then it's not impossible.
He does want to be liked.
I think he's got mother issues.
He brought her up in the truck.
So. what?
He takes the chains off.
Then what? Hmm?
Then we attack as if
our life depends on it.
I didn't realize you had
a real plan. Grace.
Look. we either fight back
or we don't.
That's all we've got.
Anybody that might
have seen her at all?
Hey. you got a sec?
No.
Do you recognize her?
She was here the other night
when you were working the cash
register in the mini-mart.
Yeah. she was here. So what?
So you just made yourself
20 bucks.
But now I'm gonna need the
surveillance camera photos
of her from the security camera.
- No!
- Yeah.
'Cause if you don't. I'm gonna
report you to the ABC
for serving underage girls
smokes and beer.
The girls told me you were.
The franchise loses its liquor
and tobacco license.
and you won't be able to find
another job in Montana
or the Dakotas.
Come on.
So. what's the "emotional"
survival plan?
Any ideas on that?
As a matter of fact...
Oh. God.
You said you sing. right?
Yeah.
Danielle and I sing.
A little bit.
We used to be in choir together.
Figured we'd start a...
a girl band.
Oh. my God. Seriously?
Look. there are studies that
link mental health and music.
Oliver Sacks. musicophilia...
Where do you come up
with this stuff?
You wonder why you have
no social life.
Was it a church choir?
Yeah. Why?
Well. we're looking to bond
with a psychopath.
They tend to be religious.
Maybe we sing a little
for his soul.
Time to go. Michelle.
On your feet. please.
Time to go where?
To a much better place.
I promise.
That doesn't sound good.
We've got new clothes
for you. Shampoo.
It's time to clean you up.
What's going on?
Let's go.
Where are you taking her?
I'm taking her to
the National Republic
of None of Your Beeswax!
Look. don't make this worse.
asshole.
What did you just say to me?
Our uncle's a cop.
and when you scared us
on the highway.
I took a picture of your plates
and I texted it to him.
He ran them.
It's only a matter of time.
You're lying.
I'm actually not.
She was lying. right?
I wouldn't know. I wasn't there.
Whatever.
I need you to shower.
Let's go. Take off your clothes.
I'd rather keep my clothes on.
I'll look the other way.
Tell me what's going on.
You say you're not evil.
I believe you.
Please tell me what's going on.
I did tell you.
You're being sent to
another place tomorrow.
A better place.
Where you do what you do.
But it will be safer.
I don't want to go
to this other place.
Well. you're going.
And don't make me
use this again.
Take off your clothes
and get in the shower.
And you're going to
wash your hair.
- Please.
- Let's go.
Make sure you use the shampoo.
Turn around.
You can't be finished already.
I want you to look at me.
Look at me.
This is me.
Are you okay?
Yes.
What happened?
He had a plan.
Now that plan is ruined.
We need to focus
on the positive.
Which is what exactly?
That we're not dead.
Yet.
What was the plan
that you ruined?
They're into trafficking.
They sell us off as sex slaves.
Oh. my God.
How did you ruin it?
I showed him the goods.
Got me out of going there.
but... I'm still here.
Still here is better.
Hey.
You've got us.
Don't forget that.
I'm headed to
the trooper's ex-wife now.
When someone talks that much.
they have something to hide.
She knows you're coming?
Denise set it up. How'd you do?
She was definitely
at the truck stop.
I got surveillance video
that'll confirm it.
As for what happened to her.
I'm still thinking it has to be
connected to the Sullivan girls.
All three of them go missing
along the same highway
on the same night.
Okay. I'm pulling up now.
I'll call you after.
Nothing yet.
Why aren't the police
out looking?
It hasn't even been a day.
Plus. this particular area.
there's not a lot of manpower.
If it goes on long enough.
maybe the FBI will get involved.
So. we just sit and wait?
No.
They're counting on us.
We do not wait.
She didn't send any photo.
There's no service in that area.
and she didn't send anything
from her cell.
because I checked 'em
before I destroyed them!
Are you 100% sure that
the other one has...
male equipment?
Because sometimes.
women have been known to have
outward-facing thing-a-ma-goos.
I'm positive.
Oh. God.
I swear.
Okay.
A little curve ball. We adjust.
That's what leaders do.
Let's just go home. sleep on it.
pray on it. start with a fresh
mind-set in the morning.
I'm sorry.
This is my doing.
We will get through this.
Ronald.
But things are about to take
an uglier turn.
Sally.
I'm not calling about alimony.
You got your nose in something?
I'm sorry?
There was
a private detective here.
She was asking questions
about you.
I beg your pardon?
Are you honest?
Are you dangerous?
Are you prurient?
Please tell me you haven't been
hanging around
the strip malls again.
And what was the name of
this private detective?
Her name is Cassie Dewell.
Works with my cousin Denise.
She's not a fan. Rick.
I couldn't sleep.
>>>>oakislandtk
www.opensubtitles.org
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today